## Learn Python

A collection of simple programming lessons in Python.

I began writing these as a way to introduce my wife to some basic programming
concepts, but my goal is for these to be useful to anyone who is looking to get
into programming. When looking for beginner resources, I saw a lot of mention of
something called "The wrong question," which was basically the idea that "How do
I learn how to program?" isn't the question someone should be asking, but rather
something like "How do I make Android apps?" or "How do I make a webpage?" The
idea is that you should set out to create something, as that project will hold
your interest, and you will learn as a result.

This is all well and good, but sometimes you don't know what you want to make
yet and are still exploring. Which is why I'm creating this, a reference to
explore some programming fundamentals as a way of starting to explore the basics
without diving into something. To use my personal situation again, while my wife
has expressed a passing interest in learning programming, she has no idea what
exactly she's looking to do with it just yet. To be more blunt, programming
skills are useful in finding better jobs, and that's a major motivating factor.

And so these files are meant just as a starting point, the basics to see if the
art of programming is something that might interest you before you start to look
into something more specific. Maybe I should have called the repo Learn *in*
Python or somesuch.

### Why Python?
Python is a popular language for learning, I think for a couple of reasons.
First is its general readability and simple syntax, but also be


### How to use

While you can read the source files right here on Github, to get the most use
out of these lessons, you should download the repo locally and then run the
lesson files in some sort of IDE. I would suggest PyCharm, which you can
download from Jetbrain here:

#===============================================================================

#===============================================================================
This is a work in progress, so any feedback or suggestions are
appreciated.
